hi and welcome to Venus kitchen today we
will prepare a traditional and classic
Lebanese salad
it's called fatumak fattoush you will
need for spring onions 1 Marcia combure
1 March and ripe tomato 4 to 5 radishes
1 bunch of parsley 1 romaine lettuce for
the seasoning we will need 1 fresh lemon
1/4 teaspoon of sumac 1/2 a cup of olive
oil 1 teaspoon of pumpkin add molasses 1
teaspoon of salt and 1 loaf of toasted
pita bread I washed the vegetables in
advance this is the stage that takes the
longest time once the vegetables are
ready then it becomes very simple to
prepare the fattoush the way the
vegetables are cut affects the flavor of
the fattoush so I'm going to tell you
from experience what's the best way to
cut them let's see the spring onions are
slim so there's no need really to cut it
into half so what we do is cut it and
runs put an ax mixing go and now the
radish dice into small pieces the
cucumber also cut the cucumber in small
pieces order the parsley and cut the
unnecessary stems cut the parsley finely
be careful not to cut your fingers for
the lettuce cut the large leaves all
across and put them one on top of the
other most populous is cut finding for
the smaller you cut out it I cut the
tomato last because it's juicy
dice the tomato finely not a household
in Lebanon make fattoush the same way
some cut it finally some cut it coarsely
some add three peppers some add a fresh
coriander and what the season of
pomegranate comes also you can add fresh
pomegranate and the choice is yours our
vegetables are all cut so it's time for
the seasoning begin by pressing the
lemon for the lemon add 1tsp of sumac 1
TSP of pond granite molasses 1 TSP of
salt 1/2 a cup olive oil and mix at this
stage you can taste if there's anything
you would like to add once thoroughly
mix pour in a serving bowl
decorate with crumbs of pita bread Bon
Appetit
you